<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="biscuits">
    <title>How to make biscuits and gravy</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context id="supplies">
            <p> Here are the kitchen supplies needed for this recipe.</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Medium-sized skillet</li>
                <li>Whisk</li>
                <li>Large bowl</li>
                <li>Spatula</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Here are the food ingredients needed for this recipe. </p>
            <ul>
                <li>1 pound breakfast sausage, hot or mild</li>
                <li>1/3 cup all-purpose flour</li>
                <li>3-4 cups whole milk, more to taste</li>
                <li>½ tsp salt</li>
                <li>2 tsp freshly ground black pepper</li>
                <li>Biscuits warmed for serving</li>
            </ul>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps">
            <step>
                <cmd>With your finger, tear small pieces of sausage and add them in a single layer to a large heavy skillet.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Brown the sausage over medium-high heat until no longer pink.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Reduce the heat to medium-low.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Sprinkle on half the flour and stir so that the sausage soaks it all up, then add more little by little.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Stir it around and cook it for another minute or so, then pour in the milk, stirring constantly.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Cook the gravy, stirring frequently, until it thickens.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Sprinkle in the seasoned salt and pepper and continue cooking until very thick and luscious. If it gets too thick too soon, just add another 1/2 cup of milk or more needed.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Spoon the sausage gravy over warm biscuits and serve immediately.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>