<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_a4f_3z3_kz">
    <title>How to make an omelette</title>
    <shortdesc>Omelette recipe</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p/>
            <p>Kitchen supplies needed for this recipe:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Medium-sized skillet</li>
                <li>Whisk</li>
                <li>Large bowl</li>
                <li>Spatula</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Ingredients needed for this recipe:</p>
            <ul>
                <li audience="mom">2 tbsp butter</li>
                <li audience="armando">2 tbsp olive oil</li>
                <li>4 eggs</li>
                <li audience="mom">2 tbsp milk</li>
                <li audience="armando">2 tbsp almond milk</li>
                <li>¾ tsp salt</li>
                <li>1/8 tsp freshly ground black pepper</li>
                <li>1 medium tomato, chopped</li>
                <li>1 small zucchini, chopped</li>
                <li>1 small onion, chopped</li>
                <li>¼ green pepper, chopped</li>
                <li audience="mom">½ cup sausage, chopped</li>
                <li audience="mom">¼ cups cheddar cheese, shredded</li>
            </ul>
            <p></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <stepsection>Complete the following steps to make an omelette:</stepsection>
            <step audience="mom">
                <cmd>Melt 1 tbsp of butter in medium skillet over medium heat. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step audience="armando">
                <cmd>Drizzle 1 tbsp of olive oil in medium skillet over medium heat. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place tomato, zucchini, onion, and green pepper in the skillet and cook for 4-5 minutes until vegetables are tender.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>While vegetables are cooking, beat the eggs with the milk, 1/2 salt, and pepper in a large mixing bowl.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the vegetables from the skillet and transfer into another bowl and sprinkle the remaining 1/4 of salt over them.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step audience="mom">
                <cmd>Melt the remaining tablespoon of butter in the skillet over medium heat. When
                    the butter bubbles, pour the egg into the skillet and cook for 2 minutes.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step audience="armando">
                <cmd>Drizzle the remaining tablespoon of olive oil in the skillet over medium heat. When
                    the oil bubbles, pour the egg into the skillet and cook for 2 minutes.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Gently lift the edges of the omelette with the spatula to let the uncooked part
                    of the eggs flow toward the edges and cook. Continue for 2-3 more minutes until
                    the omelette looks dry.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Slide the omelette out of the skillet onto a play. Cut in half and serve.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
